## Glickfeld Excellence in Environmental Research Grant

A $4,000 annual grant is awarded to one Environmental Science student each year. 
The funds will be used to pay the salary of a student working as a research assistant under supervision of a faculty member at UCLA.

With gratitude to Madelyn and Bruce Glickfeld, the IoES is pleased to announce the launch of the undergraduate Glickfeld Excellence in Environmental Research Grant.

The $4000 annual grant will be given to one Environmental Science student per year. The funds will be used to pay the salary for a student to work as a research assistant under supervision of a faculty member at UCLA. The benefits of the research grant are many:

    The student will gain valuable training and experience, whether in a laboratory or other research setting. This experience will translate into job skills and impressive resume/cv items, and make the student more competitive for graduate programs or future job opportunities.
    The award will cover up to three quarters of research work, assuming $15/hour and 7-8 hours of research per week. However, it will be up to the student and faculty advisor to determine hours and length of study.
    Faculty will be more willing to take the supported student on as a research assistant. The award will assure the student’s commitment and reliability to faculty and will make the student a desirable hire. We will assist students in finding a faculty member whose research is of interest and value to the student.
    Junior or sophomore awardees may have the opportunity to continue with their project which could result in an Honor’s Thesis and/or publication.

Qualifications:

    Must be eligible to work in the U.S.
    Students in all years of the program are eligible to apply but ideally should have three terms (can include summer) remaining prior to graduation.

Who Should Apply?

Environmental Science B.S. Majors …

    who are currently doing research and would like to continue for the next year.
    who want to do research and know what they want to do and with which faculty member they want to work.
    who want to do research but need some guidance about where to go and who to ask.
    who want to do research and have an idea about what they want to do, but need guidance on how to get started.

In short, ANYONE who has a desire to get involved in research can apply! Don’t be shy – your goals and desire to participate in research will be major factors in our decision!
To Apply:

Send an email to rdieckmann@ioes.ucla.edu with the following information in an attached document (word or pdf preferred):

1. Your name

2. Your UID #

3. Faculty advisor name and contact information (if known)

    If you are currently doing or have done research, supply your faculty advisor’s name and contact information, and your direct supervisor if other than the faculty member (such as a postdoc or graduate student with whom you work closely).
    If you have never done research before or want to try something new, please list faculty members with whom you would like to work.

4. Tell us about your specific research question and goals. Please include your reasons for wanting to pursue a research position. (600 words max.)

Application deadline: MAY 25, 2018

Questions? Email Royce Dieckmann, IoES SAO: rdieckmann@ioes.ucla.edu
